Deprecate environments in SDK docs (#39)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sdks/java/ampli.md

| <div class="big-column">Arg</div> | Description |
|-|-|
|`LoadOptions`| Required. Specifies configuration options for the Ampli Wrapper.|
|`disabled`|Optional. Specifies whether the Ampli Wrapper does any work. When true, all calls to the Ampli Wrapper are no-ops. Useful in local or development environments.|

> |`client`| <span class="required">Required if `apiKey` isn't set</span>. Specifies an Amplitude instance. By default Ampli creates an instance for you.|

Author: @justin-fiedler the current docs for the Java SDK use the field named `client` for the instance rather than the usual `instance/client.instance`. Is that a typo or on purpose?

Reviewer: Good catch [Java works similarly to the other SDKs](https://github.com/amplitude/ampli-examples/blob/main/jre/java/AmpliApp/src/main/java/org/example/App.java#L42-L58).

This could be improved.
```suggestion
|`client`| `LoadClientOptions` <span class="required">Required if `apiKey` isn't set</span>. Configures an Amplitude instance. By default Ampli creates an instance for you.|

`client.apiKey` sets the Amplitude SDK API Key.
`client.instance` sets a specific Amplitude SDK instance.
```

Author: great, made it consistent 👍
